when David was a little past the top of
the mountain there was either the
seventh of mephibosheth who met him with
a couple of saddled donkeys and on them
two hundred loaves of bread 100 clusters
of raisins 100 summer fruits and a skin
of wine and the King said to Zabur
what do you mean to do with these the
donkeys are for the king's household to
ride on the bread and some are fruit for
the young men to eat and the wine for
those who are faint in the wilderness to
drink and where is your master's son
indeed he is staying in Jerusalem for he
said today the house of Israel will
restore the kingdom of my father to me
here all that belongs to mephibosheth is
yours I humbly bow before you that I may
find favor in your sight my lord o king
now when King David came to behere him
there was a man from the family of the
house of soul whose name was Simeon the
son of Gera coming from this he came out
cursing continuously as he came and he
threw stones at David and at all the
servants of King David and all the
people and all the mighty men were on
his right hand and on his left also
Chimay I said thus when he cursed come
out come out you bloodthirsty man you
rogue the Lord has brought upon you are
the blood of the house of Saul in whose
place you have reigned and the Lord has
delivered the kingdom into the hand of
Epsilon your son so now you are caught
in your own evil because you are a
bloodthirsty man then a bishop I the son
of Zahra aya said to the king
why should this dead dog curse my lord
the king please let me go over and take
off his head what have I to do with you
you sons of zero Raya so let him curse
because the Lord has said to him curse
David who then shall say why have you
done so see how my son who came from my
own body seeks my life how much more now
may this Benjamite let him alone and let
him curse for so the Lord has ordered
him it may be that the Lord will look on
my affliction and that the Lord will
repay me with good for his cursing this
day and as David and his men went along
the road Chimay I went along the
hillside opposite him and cursed as he
went threw stones at him and kicked up
dust now the king and all the people who
were with him became weary so they
refresh themselves there meanwhile
Absalom and all the people the men of
Israel came to Jerusalem and a hill was
with him and so it was when hew shy the
archite David's friend came to Absalom
that hue schhh I said to Absalom long
live the king long live the king
so Absalom set a huge eye is this your
loyalty to your friend why did you not
go with your friend no but whom the Lord
and this people in all the men of Israel
choose his eye will be and with him I
will remain furthermore whom should I
serve should I not serve in the presence
of his son as I have served in your
father's presence so will I be in your
presence
then Absalom said to a heifer ferrell
give advice as to what we should do go
- your father's concubines whom he has
left keep the house and all Israel will
hear that you are AB horde by your
father then the hands of all who are
with you will be strong so they pitched
a tent for Absalom on the top of the
house and Absalom went into his father's
concubines in the sight of all Israel
now the advice of a Heather fell which
he gave in those days was as if one had
inquired at the article of God so was
all the advice of the hither fell both
with David and with Absalom
you